Determination of txn requiring CMS
-----------
1. If a txn requires CMS it will be gotten from the route property of the issuer code.
2. Also the CMS URL will be set as a property in the route table
3. Route table will be designed
2. two tables needed. nodes, route table (cos during kx handshake each node is called, so if nodes are duplicated that will cause issues.), route table can be used to set actual routes(on creation of node it can be automatically added to route table).

Routing
=========
Routing is used to determine the processor or payment gateway to process the txn. - called node
Transaction will be posted to the node.
Routing is defined based on the issuer code

Properties
===
node table
id, name, issuer_code, ip, port, path, requires_cms, cms_url, connection_status (1 connected, 0 disconnected) , kx_status
last_connected, active (enabled or disabled), enforce_ip (ip whitelisting with exchange), kid

route table
node id, bin

note:
auto update of node to refresh statuses
auto checking enabled ie refresh
when node is added no refresh needed
changes should be reflected automatically
no keep alive needed. health check does the job

crud apis
add permission to permissions table

bank codes
001 etz
006 UBA


LS Error Codes
----
should we use ISO Error codes? maybe yes but with our customisations as well

Transaction Routing(Decision
------
-Routing is determined based on the Transcode and bank code of either the source or destination account
eg 1. If you pass Transcode Debit, the switch will only send request to debit without passing corresponding credit. In this example routing will based on the debit account and the Transcode.
So the two(debit account and Transcode) together will help do the routing

eg 2. If the Transcode was credit, the credit bankCode will be used to do the routing

eg 3. If the Transcode was FT (ie FT is a duplex transaction), routing will first be done to the debit bank code and then another routing to the credit bank code(ie if debit was successful)


TODO
--
Create tables node, route
crud api
auto update/refresh feature
permission feature


