Response Codes  note there should be a column isReversed to indicate the reversal action - values yes,no,na
00 Transaction Successful. The transaction has been approved and processed successfully.
06 Transaction Failed. Transaction Failed

10 Missing required parameters. One or more of required parameters are missing in the request body
11 Missing required headers. One or more of required headers are missing in the request headers
12 Invalid transaction type. Unknown TransCode. The transaction type is invalid. Please check the transaction type and try again
13 Transaction type disabled. Contact system administrator 
14 Invalid amount. The transaction amount is invalid. Please check the transaction amount and try again.   
15 Invalid account number. The account number is invalid. Please check the account number and try again.
16 Invalid transaction fee - The transaction was declined due to an unacceptable transaction fee
17 Invalid Merchant - The merchant  entered is invalid. Please check the merchant code and try again.
18 Invalid Transaction Reference - The transaction reference entered is invalid. Please check the transaction reference and try again.
19 Invalid request. The request data or format provided is not valid.

20 Wrong Pin : The PIN entered is invalid. Account may be locked
21 Pin tries exceed. Maximum allowable wrong pin tries exceeded.
22 Transaction rejected. The transaction has been rejected by the switch. Please contact customer support for more information.
29 Suspected Fraud.  eg. Transaction not allowed because of suspected fraud. eg mac check failed   

31 Transaction Pending. No status of transaction available. Transaction processed but final response not available. Check again later or do status check to get final status.
32 Transaction in progress. The transaction is being processed and a response is not yet available. Mostly for use txns that are processed asynchronously


40 Key exchange not completed. Incoming request will be rejected;
41. Key exchange failed. Failed key exchange with node. Node cannot process any request. Retry key exchange
42. Health check/echo failed. Failed health check with node. Retry health check
43. Decryption Error
44. Security Error. Authentication Error. Account blocked
45. Security Error. Authentication Error. Identity not found
46. Security Error. Authentication Error. Duplicate nonce
48. Security Error. Authentication Failed. 

50 Spending Limit Exceeded - The account has reached its allowable limit to transact. Please contact customer support for more information.
51 Insufficient Funds. The account does not have sufficient funds to process the transaction. Please add funds to the account and try again.
52 Account restricted - The account has been closed, blocked inactive or suspended. Please contact customer support for more information.  The account is restricted and cannot be used for the transaction

64 Transaction Not Found - The transaction with the provided transaction ID could not be found. Please check the transaction ID and try again.
65 No record found. No record found 

91 No route defined for Issuer. Contact system administrator
92 Issuer inactive or route disabled. Contact system administrator 
93 Node is currently down due to failed health checks. Please try again later
94 Duplicate reference. The transaction has already been processed. Resend transaction with a new reference
95 Connection timeout. Unable to connect to the node. Please check if funds have not moved before trying again after some few minutes.
96 System error. Error processing the transaction. Please check if funds have not moved before trying again after some few minutes.
97 Application error. Error processing the request. Please check if funds have not moved before trying again after some few minutes.
98 Unknown Error
99 Read timeout. The transaction has timed out. No response received from node. Please check if funds have not moved before trying again after some few minutes.

Special Errors for Mobile Money Transaction
------
1000 Account not registered
1001
1002
1003
1004
1005
1006   